rename community to hub (#711)
feltjs/felt-server: src/docs/admin.md

When a Felt server instance is first created,
it has no communities, no accounts, and no personas.
When the first persona is created, which happens when the first account signs up,
the server creates a special hub, the "admin" hub, located at `$HOSTNAME/admin`,
and adds that first persona to its assignments.

> This hub inherits all of the same functionality as normal communities,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This hub inherits all of the same functionality as normal community hubs,
```
